Added warning for cgroups to single node docker (#4251)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/other-installation-methods/single-node-docker/_index.md

Refer to [this page](./troubleshooting) for frequently asked questions and troubleshooting tips.

### Known Issues

> Newer operating systems switched to [cgroups v2](https://docs.kernel.org/admin-guide/cgroup-v2.html) instead of the older cgroups v1, which will make the rancher/rancher container crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newer operating systems have switched to [cgroups v2](https://docs.kernel.org/admin-guide/cgroup-v2.html) which will make the rancher/rancher container crash.
```

> To see wether your system is effected, check for the existence of the cgroup.controller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see whether your system is affected, check for the existence of the cgroup.controller:
```

```bash
$ cat /sys/fs/cgroup/cgroup.controllers

cpuset cpu io memory hugetlb pids rdma
```

> In this case it is recommend to use a local single node k3s Kubernetes cluster ([k3s](https://rancher.com/docs/k3s/latest/en/installation/install-options/) + [helm](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, it is recommend to use a local single node K3s Kubernetes cluster ([K3s](https://rancher.com/docs/k3s/latest/en/installation/install-options/) + [Helm](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/)).
```
